By the way, I heard that you still have a wild seed in your stomach
Here is 10 million
Just get rid of the baby and get out
Otherwise, your thief-eyed brother
And your children will die
It's really you?
I didn't expect it.
After you broke up with me
It's getting harder and harder
No way! You're pregnant.
What about the child's father?
Is this kid a bastard?
I don't even know who the father of the child is
How about this?
Think for yourself
Be my lover
I haven't played pregnant yet
Get lost, you disgusting scum
I don't want to see your mother, you bitch, you dare hit me
Father-in-law, I haven't played yet
Since you delivered it yourself
But don't blame me